1. User clicks login in their browser. Our server makes a get request to
/auth/google (an address specified in the Google developer console).
2. Passport forwards the request to Google using the client ID and client secret
we set up to register our app.
3. Google will then ask the user if they grant permission to our app to access
their profile. If they grant permission, Google will send a response back to the
server at /auth/google/callback  (a URI specified in the Google developer console
and which matches the redirect route in the passport set up).
The URI will also contain a code.
4. Passport again handles this route, pulling the code out of the URI and
sending a request back to Google with the same code.
5. Google then responds with details about this user.
6. At this point, the callback in the Google strategy set up fires,
giving us the user’s profile data.
7. We check if there is a user in the database with the Google ID we have
just got back. If there is none, we create a new user using that Google ID.
We call done to inform passport that we can resume authenticating.
8. Passport calls serializeUser , which takes the user just authenticated and
determines that we want to store the MongoDB ID to identify the user in the session.
This is passed to cookie session which encodes the ID and sends it to the browser
in the response header.
9. Whenever the user makes a follow-up request, the browser sends the cookie
back with the same encoded token.
Cookie session extracts and decodes the cookie data, assigning it to the session
property on the request object. The request flows down to passport, which looks
up req.session  and takes the MongoDB ID out and uses it in the deserializeUser
function. The user is found in the database using this ID.
Passport then attaches this user to the request object as req.user .
10. Passport also attaches a logout function to the request object which expires
the cookie whenever the user accesses the logout route.
